Add support for pre/post install hooks (#74)
whalebrew/whalebrew: README.md

Whalebrew is configured with environment variables, which you can either provide at runtime or put in your `~/.bashrc` file (or whatever shell you use).

 - `WHALEBREW_INSTALL_PATH`: The directory to install packages in. (default: `/usr/local/bin`)

>  - `WHALEBREW_CONFIG_DIR`: The directory to install packages in. (default: `~/.whalebrew`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `WHALEBREW_CONFIG_DIR`: The directory to store configuration in. (default: `~/.whalebrew`)
```
